[docs] Update Authentication (SAML) docs to fix required cert details (#282)
OpenCTI-Platform/docs: docs/deployment/authentication.md

For the SAML strategy to work:

> - The `cert` parameter is mandatory (PEM format) because it is used to validate the SAML response. It must include the header, footer and newline (\n) characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `cert` parameter is mandatory (PEM format) because it is used to validate the SAML response. Depending on certificate format it may include the header, footer and newline (\n) characters.
```

Author: Interesting. When testing with our generated idp cert without the header, footer and newline characters, we got the error below:

```
code: UNKNOWN_ERROR
     message: idpCert is not in PEM format or in base64 format
     name: TypeError
     stack: TypeError: idpCert is not in PEM format or in base64 format
    at assertRequired (/opt/opencti/build/back.js:977:2006)
    at keyInfoToPem (/opt/opencti/build/back.js:980:336)
    at resolveAndParseKeyInfosToPem (/opt/opencti/build/back.js:983:6994)
    at SAML.getKeyInfosAsPem (/opt/opencti/build/back.js:986:1016)
    at SAML.validatePostResponseAsync (/opt/opencti/build/back.js:986:1543)
    at processTicksAndRejections (node:internal/process/task_queues:105:5)
   }
   level: error
   message: Error auth provider callback
   provider: saml
   source: backend
   timestamp: 2025-05-07T17:03:38.027Z
   version: 6.6.7
```

Once we added these, it worked perfectly.
